feat: implement ci plugin and docs (#105)
LizardByte/plexhints: README.rst

:github_url: https://github.com/LizardByte/plexhints/tree/nightly/README.rst

Overview
========
LizardByte has the full documentation hosted on `Read the Docs <http://plexhints.readthedocs.io/>`__.

About
-----
Plexhints is a set of tools to aid in the development of plugins for Plex Media Server. It is not a framework, but
rather a set of tools that can be used to make your life easier.

Features
--------
- Python library providing type hints to aid in the development of Plex plugins. Get rid of all those IDE warnings
  and errors!

> - CI Plugin providing a simple plugin that will allow you to collect the Plex Media Server token to be used in your CI
>   environment. This is useful for testing your plugin in a CI environment.
> - CI Action providing a GitHub Action that will install and bootstrap a Plex Media Server in a CI environment. This is
>   useful for testing your plugin in a CI environment.

Author: ```suggestion
- A GitHub Action that will install and bootstrap a Plex Media Server in a CI environment. The action can install plugins and setup dummy libraries. Additionally the Plex token is provided as an ouput. This is useful for testing your plugin or other Plex project in a CI environment.
```

> .. todo::
>    CI Plugin and CI Action are planned features, but are not yet implemented.

Author: ```suggestion
```
